Hello
OK
Mrs. Liu, my mother called me to come over
I'm afraid I can't go shopping with you.
It's okay. I went alone.
You go back first
Hello Mrs. Liu
Mrs. Liu, are you coming?
We just got a new model in our store today.
I'll show you
Hey, what are you doing?
We are a high-end brand here.
Don't mess around. Can you afford it if it gets dirty?
I'll buy a dress for my daughter
You don't even look at your own poverty
Any piece of clothing here costs tens of thousands.
Can you afford it? You are the one who only wears the 10 yuan a piece street stall goods.
How can you talk like that?
Hmph, I have been a shopping guide for so many years
I can tell at a glance what kind of people can afford it or not
Look at that lady's temperament like someone who can afford clothes in our store, see?
That's the old lady of the Kim Group
It's a class you can never cross in your life
A hillbilly like you would never know someone like that
Hey, what are you doing?
Why are you so thick-skinned, hillbilly?
As soon as she heard that it was the old lady of the market group, she wanted to paste it
This is Mrs. Liu
Who in Yuncheng doesn't know the old lady of the market group? Do you know other people's families know you?